Welcome to my kitchen in London
It's Antonio Carluccio speaking to you
I want to show you how to make the dish that I've accompanied all of my life
It is called Tiramisu and is well known by now
and the translation means 'lift me up it's a
wonderful day'
Tiramisu, this is vey simple
and what I want is the wonderful yolk of the egg
and then we have a sort of sugar. This is vanilla sugar.
The vanilla sugar you'll do it in putting a vanilla pod into a vanilla bowl
unless you want to do it very short and then you use a little bit of vanilla essence.
Which tends to be a good one. Just a little drop
Like this... that's enough and then we start to mix it together.
because now is coming
to be very good it should be sour
and then you start to beat it together like this but I need a bit of milk
It is sometimes a little bit too hard
that should become a lovely, lovely cream which you don't cook
and now you start to...stir it.
You can add cream if you like, but I prefer to keep it on the lower calorie side
because there's already a lot there
Wonderful. And you can do it by sitting down. You come home and you're tired in the evening
and you can do it but is it being down
is a lovely thing
it's starting to become smooth
So now is coming is the assembly
and for that I need the very famous espresso
Strong and nice. We add a little bit of sugar.
and we add a little kahlua. Kahlua is a liquor.
Coffee liquor which adds a little bit of kick.
Just fantastic.
So you stir it well there
because now we're coming to the assembly. In single cups/
and the most important thing is now to dip this
spongy finger
it's very, very spongy and will absorb quite a lot of coffee. So very briefly
into the coffee, which is still hot. Then I break it two
now we put a little bit on top.
and then this one as well. So you dip it very, very quickly
So it absorbs enough to become nice
it's a dessert, it's enough because you don't want to stuff your face
So the last bit
You see it shouldn't be super beautiful, because in Italy very often they say
Brutto Ma Buono
Which means ugly but good. So I don't use very much time for the decoration
Yes, the only thing that I want to add is just a little cocoa powder
just the little cocoa powder sorry this
is the last the last bit of a
So this is the last, last bit of decoration
Don't put too much cocoa powder otherwise it surrounds all your bars.
and this is the Antonio Carluccio Tiramisu, which made like this is just wonderful